# DAY 2 – 2019-07-27 – Changing lives

I woke up excited, ready to kick that project out. Perfect timing for fasting, doing some exercise, stretching a little bit and start the day with positive energy. I am not sure if you were also there, in the middle of everything, stretching and enjoying your body in front of everyone. We played that endless names’ game, and the dynamics of the group started to transform. I was already training myself, not letting my life be wasted by bad organization. People asked me why I was barefoot, and I answered why not. I walked over the stones to make the soles of my feet harder, but it was nothing considering what was going to come. We played to meet each other, but you and I had already some advantage on each other. Seeing your tie was too easy for me, and still, we were in front of each other. We looked into each other eyes, and I thought about remaining there the rest of the time, getting to know each other to a new deeper level, a level without words, a world of gazes and souls. Your eyes were beautiful, and I was hoping you were thinking my eyes were too. I was smiling, because feeling happy needs to be shared. I felt uplifted by your beauty, and the idea that we have already connect and kissed the previous night.

The activities about fake news started. Too much talking, too much theory, too many concepts. A lot of blah, blah. Fears, expectations and contributions. I tried not to put almost any fear and expectation. I knew what these projects are usually about, and it is always on me the responsibility of growth and learning. Whatever the situation, whatever the people, whatever the content, I am the one that has to growth, and I am the one that must do whatever he can to get the best from the situation. I couldn’t let the outcome of my life to be dependent on external circumstances. I didn’t know anything about surrender, and surrender was the lesson that saved me the most.

The day went by, I saw the annoyance of some, the confusion of many, the interest of a few, and the boredom of the rest. I was especially curious about Holly, who seemed to be suffering the most with the whole thing. I have to admit that I raised my hand to participate in the social committee because you had raised it before. My first impulse was not to overload my time in these projects with extra tasks, but I liked you, and I thought that spending time together would benefit me and make me learn and enjoy more the experience. Also, the other people that had raised their hand, Irene and Marte, seemed like intelligent people to work with. Food, more activities and our first social committee meeting where we clearly showed that we were better at organizing ourselves than the facilitators. With just a meeting, we were already making the exchange ours: veneration envelopes, ideas for rules, organization for the shopping, boxes for public communication. We were doing what the organizers hadn’t thought about. 

On the evening, we had our first reflection group, when Holly left pretty offended and angered. Ana Bella mentioned her highly sensitive reactions to those types of situation, and then played some Pollyanna optimism by saying that we had to focus on the good things. I didn’t see the situation as “us against them”, but it was clear that things could be done way better. The meeting finished and I went out looking for Holly. I found her on the car, and I suggested getting a ride together. Holly’s car was a reflection of her life: messy, disorganized, careless, dirty. It was my first lesson about compassion. Previous night, I had been really close to openly confront her, but I had preferred to remain smiley observing her inner suffering and pain. However, when I entered the car and started cleaning and collecting dirt and bottles, I couldn’t feel other than pity for her. She was a lost soul with tons of pain and suffering inside. All her anger and annoyance were just a reflection of the huge turmoil that she carried everywhere she was. I remain silent until she started to open up, applying the second lesson of the exchange: silence. We were singing on the road, looking for an open store that we couldn’t find in a Saturday evening. She told me about her feelings, thoughts, and sensations. I advised her to be patient and compassionate. All of us were just trying to do our best. That is all. 

We came back. I felt uplifted for having helped the person that seemed to be suffering the most. I walked around the venue and you were there. We found each other. We went out to the grass, and we talked. I mentioned later how one of those courses that I had mentioned so many times (Mindvalley) was taught by a couple, (she into yoga, he into self-development) that had the routine/ritual of having a walk and speaking about their respective days, their inner worlds and their relationship every evening. We sort of did it. 

I cannot remember what exactly we talked that day. We probably shared our views about the project, some of our life experiences, my spiritual experiences, the direction that our relationship was taking, and how I had spent the day trying to find a place for Goran in our room. After the dinner, while people were preparing the intercultural night, I got surprised at knowing that the two Romanian guys, Andrei and Ionut, and Elias and Mohammed, had accepted to move. Tiberiu was also okay with the change. I would sleep on the floor as I wanted, and everybody would be happy. That was my second booster of the day. I had written on so many notebooks that the key of my happiness was making other people happy, that improving so many lives at once was like getting instantly high. I shared all that positivity with you, and you were there to received it with your silent attention, your lovely smile. I was so lucky to have met you, to had you as support for my craziness and spontaneity, to count with your acceptance. I was feeling so good, so secure, so at peace, thanks to your presence. 

The intercultural night started. I fooled around, eat some sugar, drink some wine. I danced and played for a bit, just to keep my body functional. Then, I went to the shower, letting people get drunk while I clarified my brain, body and soul. When I came back, I discover that Holly was drunker than I expected. I avoided us getting alone and avoided her trying to kiss me. I had discovered that evening that she and Tiberiu were engaged, and I was, by no means, someone to meddle in their relationship. I already had you, and you were enough. I had observed other girls during the day, and yes, Karolina, Marija, Csilla, or even Irene looked nice, but I was sure none of them were as interesting, intelligent and captivating as you. 
At some point, we had a walk around the park when you mentioned that you liked the way I was aware of your needs. I couldn’t realize at that moment how important was what you had said. 

Holly continued her performance, getting drunk and disappearing. On the entrance, we had the idea of preparing the “Truth News, True Now”, which you help me to edit and correct. If I would have been high, I would have thought that it was just another genius idea sparked by the weed. But I wasn’t, and I got serious and conscientious about it.  

Marte, Karolina, you and I end up talking on the gym about the system and the functioning of human beings and the planet. I wanted to spend the night with you, but I was feeling secure, and I didn’t want to make pressure. We had kissed a few times during the day, and each times our eyes met each other manifested desire and complicity. 

The talk was over. We kiss once more, said goodnight. I went to my floor with my new roommates. I fell asleep feeling fulfilled for an excellent day. 
