# DAY 6 – 2019-07-31 – The devil at the mountain

I woke up and did what I was supposed to do. I collected my courage, went to your room, and with my hurt beating as when I approached girls that I like on bars, I opened the door of your room and lied next to you. Mar. complained, but you didn’t reject me. You felt my chest raising up and down, you noticed my stress, my strong heartbeats. Yes, I was nervous, yes, I felt vulnerable. Yes, I didn’t know what your thoughts were after the episode of the previous day. But you hugged me and loved me. You reminded me about the distance, but you still came to me, looking for my body. Mar. came back with her suffering to destroy our encounter, once again. It is incredible how detrimental for our relationships all those interruptions have been. Maybe detrimental, maybe reinforcing, who knows. Things that are difficult are more valuable.

So, we couldn’t connect in the morning as I would have liked it. At that point, I have already taken the decision of taking care of myself and my life. The stupid comment of Etienne about answering work emails during the exchange two days ago had made things clear: I could, and I was going to prioritize my life to that project. During your talk about Stonian language I started to feel anxious and trapped. What the fuck was I doing there? Doing nothing, fighting for what? To what results. Just to be blamed by people, just to keep on confronting them for my good willingness. It had nothing to see with you or K., I know you know. It was all inside me and had to go out. That is why I went out and meditated. I needed it so much.

M. T. came, interrupted me, and after trying my best to not be violent and express my need of solitude, she kept on pushing me to participate in the activity. An activity that I didn’t give a fuck about it. The facilitators couldn’t see what was going on in front of their eyes. Thanks to my group I could keep on meditating and managing my state of mind. They let me the space I needed. They reminded me that I had to take care of myself. After the coffee break, I got to know that In. (UK) was leaving, and I went to her room for talking and saying goodbye. 

It was a wonderful conversation. She stated her mind, she mentioned all the things that we shared about the project, how she could have tried to stay if the project could have had any better quality, if the dynamics were better. But they weren’t. She also mentioned how my comment about self-love had influenced her enough to take the decision and choose for her life and herself. Souna supported her and mentioned that she was also willing to leave for similar reasons and that was very appropriate to use In. departure as an excuse. I was shocked. I was sad, I was defeated. People kept on leaving. People chose to leave. People chose to give up, to be defeated, to accept an unchangeable fate. All my warrior attitude, all my attempts, all my fighting wasn’t serving for anything. I had learned about the healthy level of disengagement, and I was applying it, but they were giving me an even better lesson, the detachment and surrender. I had realized that that was an “us or them” situation. Either we learned our lesson and got disengaged and detached from the project, showing hopelessness and perishing during the rest of the project; or they realized what was going on and changed the dynamic. I had already done my best. I couldn’t do anything else. Not anymore. I cried at In.’ room while confessing my need of fighting for my life, and for the life of others. Confessing my unwillingness to give up, to surrendered; confessing that no matter whether it was two days or two hours I would fight until the last second. Expressing my need and will of easing the life of others, of reducing their suffering and making the world a better place.  Souna and In. saw me crying with compassion. I broke down in front of them. No matter how strong and alpha I had felt the previous night doing push ups after a day of fasting. There I was getting in touch with my personal defeat, assuming that the healthiest strategy was a withdrawal. I just wanted to make the world a better place, to help people to enjoy their lives more, to be happy making them happy. 

After I recover myself, I realized that In. and Sa. were being more intelligent and wiser than me. They were taking more care of themselves than what I was doing. I wasn’t practicing what I was preaching. In Spanish we say that “Una retirada a tiempo es una victoria” [A good timed withdrawal is a victory.] I was starting to believe it. I told In. that I lived with the constant worry that the world could become hell. Although it seems that is evolving into a better place, that we are moving forwards, there are still many fears about humanity that make me lose my hopes from time to time: climate change, artificial intelligence, nationalism, selfishness, wealth inequality. Later on, In. gave me a book named The new silk roads about China’s commercial strategy to become the next world ruler. I told her that that book wasn’t helping my existential fears about the future of humankind. We laugh, I hugged them. I hugged them again. I didn’t want to leave that room. I didn’t want to find myself alone again in a place where I was realizing I didn’t belong. I detached from the room, from In., and from Sa.. They told me to rest, and they were deeply right. 

I tried to go down and follow the lecture about Erasmus plus of that woman, but I couldn’t. Sonia tried to talk with me, and I answered one of those sentences that I had prepared: Right now, I don’t feel like talking. Maybe later.

I took the falafel that you have saved for me last night. I ate it on the gym and fell the drowsiness of the after-meal clogging my mind. It was a good moment for a siesta. I went to the room and tried to sleep. I put the binaural beats of 10 minutes. Once, twice, three times, four times. It wasn’t possible. I was deeply sleep deprived, but I wasn’t able to sleep. I was suffering from insomnia again. That exchange was getting into my psychological health. That was deeply unfair. That was a clear signal that I had to change my strategy.

I went to the lunchroom. I wasn’t hungry, I was just fooling around people. Trying to find someone that could understand me. In. (Portugal) told me to look at the envelope, to read the messages. She saved me. I found your note, Maf.’s, In.’, the questions, the support. I had tears on my eyes, and I looked for you. 

I went down and I found you outside, taking the sun, enjoying yourself. I came to you, we talked. You were trying to smoke, I was just thinking on lying there, hugging each other and giving us love. I was extremely tired, extremely sensitive, and extremely receptive to words. You mentioned empathy, you mentioned compassion, you mentioned letting go, and you mentioned distance. You propose me to smoke and my dopamine kicked hard. You confessed that we could have rule the world together and that comment sparked my hopes and energies again. The lighters didn’t work, and I climbed looking for one. Fatia never knew that I saw her sleeping. I found Goran in the door and took his lighter. I warned you about how spiritual and symbolic I become when I smoke, but you accepted it. My energy levels were really low, but the cannabis made me feel as if I was strong again. 

I smoked and you left me alone. I knew that you were going to come back, I had full faith on you. I stretched, connected with my body, with my muscles, my tendons and my bones. I re-connected with myself. There was a moment I looked into a window and found myself on the reflection. It was like a flashback of those years of teenagerhood when I struggled and suffered so much with the self-acceptance of my corporal image. It was a direct connection to those episodes where, while being high and drugged, I annihilate millions on neurons by looking at the mirror trying to understand who I was, and why what I was seeing was the container of my self. However, that afternoon, I didn’t want to go that deep, I wasn’t ready for that. I avoided the mirror, my insecurities, and that deeper and darker part of my unexplored existence. 

You arrived like a savior while I was stretching on the stairs, and we escape the prison together. I was so happy and excited about our re-encounter. It felt so good to have time just for the two of us, away from the project, away from the people, away from interruptions. We were going to the mountain, to the nature. There where we couldn’t have been yet. There where we should have been all the time. You said that you were feeling like walking a pet. For me, it was like releasing the beast. We kissed on the cemetery and it seemed that the passion increased. I stopped myself because of the social norms that have told me that having sex between a church and the remains of death people could make some people feel offended. 

I asked why humans venerate dead people instead of alive ones. Fortunately, I had been saved a bit ago by my own veneration envelope and those people that loved me. We moved to the nature. I was following you. We both were barefoot as it couldn’t be otherwise. But I wasn’t expecting it that we were going to go up the mountain, avoiding paths and without any type of shoes. I was really tired, but high, with my brain started to function at thousands of miles per hour, while my body demanded for immediate rest. But you kept on walking, on telling me to remain silent and distant, and pushing my intellectual and physical limits further and further. 

It all seemed like an initiatory journey, like the one of Dante going to the hell, or The Alchemist crossing the desert, or so many other tales, where the protagonist is led by a mysterious being that seems to have all the answers and know the main character even better than himself. I was high. You were there guiding the path, taking control over the situation. I was extenuated, suffering from my naked feet, from my failing muscles, while you seemed full of energy, walking along the road and through the forest like if it was a soft carpet. I knew that you had a higher tolerance to pain, but it looked that you weren’t feeling anything while I was continuously holding my complaints. I just wanted to arrive somewhere. You kept on saying that you knew where we were going, that it was close, that is was just a bit further up. Each time I discovered something about myself you answered with an “I know” that made me more and more confused about who you really were. At some point I thought you were an angel leading me to the sky, to the gods. At other points, I thought you were a Nymph of the forest that was going to make a ritual with me on the top. I even thought that K., Marte and others will be there waiting for us on the top, waiting to my arrival for giving me the deserved reward. I thought that you were testing me, that I had to prove myself to enter the realm of the divine. You kept on making comments about reality, about dimensions, about universe, about consciousness. My brain wasn’t ready to accept that. I was going crazy. The whole walk was really archetypical, and you were touching very deep and symbolic parts of my mind. You caught my brain off-guard because of the weed and the sleep deprivation. You were even tiring the self-control mechanism by reminding me all the time about silence and distance. Meanwhile, my body was trying to survive, trying to avoid drinking the scarce water that we had (“You are so unprepared, Carlos”), trying to avoid noticing the pain in the feet, legs, arms and back from the spines and the stones. Trying to function in their lack of nutrients and lack of sleep. I am not sure if this is true but walking next to you that evening is probably the most difficult thing that I have done to date. I was lucky enough I had you next to me, giving me water from time to time and motivating my masculine self to prove my strength and endurance to you. I wouldn’t been able to do it alone. 

However, you kept on pushing my limits. You gave me your handbag, and the Sherpa transformed into a lord. I was the servant; I was the one really below in the relationship. More pain, more unfocused attention, more distracted thoughts jumping to my mind, more fears about losing my soul and being on the top of the mountain, more unknown things that I wanted to know. For all the unknown things in life I kept on walking and following you. For the Tao. Higher and up, higher and up. More pain, more stones, more spines. I remember how I get trapped with my t-shirt in one plant. I was about crying of frustration and powerlessness. You were treating me pretty harshly, but I had my own medicine. I realized that I was treating many people in that similar way. 

We arrived at the stone, and you accepted to stop. There the angel leading me to the sky became the devil trading for my soul. Your way of communication was too perfect, too prepared, too skilled for me. “Who are you?” and “What do you want?” were the questions that I repeated and repeated all the time. For me, you couldn’t admit that you were the devil and that you wanted my soul. For me, it was the ultimate test to Carlito Fluito. The devil wants pure souls because those are the most valuable, those that can save other souls from misery and suffering. I had been crying about my willingness to save the world that morning. After days of fighting for fairness, justice, and love, and when I kept on seeing people giving up, I had been brought to the top of the mountain by you, a devil disguised like a beautiful woman. It all made sense in my mind at that moment. I was taking you from the head, looking into your eyes while you smiled me, and answered me “It doesn’t matter who I am”, and “I have already told you what I want”. At some point, you stopped looking like a beautiful woman to look more like an androgyne being, half male, half female, blue eyes, small breast, hair on the armpits, smiling at the sun, and with your hair in a bun done by my hands. You were the devil requesting my soul.

My brain was melting from outside by the sun, and from inside by my thoughts. I was going to collapse. You took of your shirt, which I understood as an invitation of sex. It was a really suitable spot for having sex. Middle of the mountain, no interruptions, beautiful vistas. I imagined me asking you for the screams you couldn’t give me in the hostel in our nights together. I really wanted you to cry out all your pleasure to the mountain. But I was on the verge of collapse. You asked for distance from time to time, but then you were half naked in front of me, moving the bottle of water from your legs to your side, mentioning things like “I have taken the bottle away, there are no barriers anymore for me”. I was extremely confused. Was the devil going to trade my soul for having sex with him? Did the devil want my soul in exchange of a life of fame and endless energy and creativity? Was the fact of having sex with you in the mountain the pact of trading my soul? My mind was extremely confused. I knew I had sinned by smoking, and I knew that that was my penitence. 

At some point you even turned around, offering me your ass and I thought that what you wanted was a corporal punishment that I couldn’t give you either. We kissed for a bit and you clicked the tongue with disapproval. You were blocking my brain even more. I wasn’t able to fully surrender, and I was begging you to lie next to me on the path. You didn’t concede that either. I tried to get horny, but I couldn’t. Saying that I was tired or that it was the first time of my life that that happened sounded like excuses to me. Facts or not, I didn’t want to excuse myself. I shared with you some secrets in a low voice, and you reinforced my self-confidence making me talk louder. “Aeta!” I expressed my gratitude to you and the mountain. You kept on talking about my lack of empathy, my lack of trust, my lack of compassion, my lack of surrender, my lack of silence, and my lack of distance. Weed makes me unfocused and weakens my impulse control. You were asking me for both. 

You decided that we should keep on going up. I surrender. I accepted. I tied my t-shirt on my head to keep my mind together. The topic of trust kept on appearing and appearing again. I was questioning myself all the time whether my reactions to your comments and behavior were signals of luck of trust on you. But so many painful situations weren’t making any easier for my trust to develop. We stopped a bit further to drink water, but not for long. We continued more and more. I was dying, you had killed me, and it felt like you were dragging my corpse around the mountain. It felt like I was succeeding on tasks and test but there was never a reward, just teaching after teaching, and lesson after lesson, test after test. You had asked me before our departure what were my values, and I have answered “Growth”. I should have said “Love”. You kept on repeating that I could take the easy way, but that would mean that I wouldn’t grow that much. You kept on talking like if you already knew everything, like if you perfectly knew my answers and my thoughts. You kept on weakening my body and my mind. When we arrived to the big rock, where you climbed the tree, I was already defeated. I didn’t know when to talk and when to remain silent; I didn’t know when to stay close and follow your steps and when to be distant; I didn’t know when to ask and when to answer; I didn’t know when to quit and when to keep on walking; I didn’t know when to leave and separate from you, to detach from the journey, and when to convince myself that we should go till the end together. It all felt like my life was being that walk through the mountain. You record the conversation, so it would be lovely to come back to it on the future.

We arrived at the big rock. We climbed it and I couldn’t think about anything else than lying there with or without you. I was already abandoning the possibility of you supporting me. You kept on going with your energy, with your games, climbing trees, and fooling around. I wanted to show my help and availability. To offer you my assistance in case you need it, but you reminded me that you were a strong and independent woman. I gave you space. I almost uttered a couple of times those non-invasive warning comments that I had read somewhere. Instead of “Be careful of what you do”, “Be conscious of how you are doing it”. But I was very unsecure, very tired. I wasn’t able to try and fail anymore. You had nullified me. I waited for you to climb the tree while carrying your handbag and being responsible of all your stuff. I was avoiding any comment, but couldn’t avoid thinking that if you fell, I would have to find energies from the deepest parts of my physiology to carry your heavy injured body down the mountain. I was afraid of you, afraid of me, afraid of everything. Fear is so tiring.

I took your photo, still feeling unsecure about whether the quality of it was enough, or you would just complaint and derogatorily reject my attempts of approval, again. I was hopeless. You even mentioned that I talked too much for you, and you said it in a tone that was more determinant than I expected. I had learned to surrender already. Then, I learned silence. I just focused on my body, on my pain, on my vanishing supplies of energy, and kept on breathing and crying my tears in the direction of my soul. Then, from time to time, you started to speak. You spoke about topics that were deeply personal, and important for you, but you had destroyed my brain. You were expecting me to understand and follow every word you were saying, and I was even afraid of telling you that my mind wasn’t working anymore, that my attention, my memory, my perception wasn’t working. 30 seconds of rest meant for me and my body the perfect opportunity for falling sleep wherever I was. It all felt like a cruel punishment, a cruel test that I hadn’t asked for. It all felt like a trap that was leading me down and down to a world of suffering and pain. I thought that it served me to develop my empathy towards others, towards your suffering, but my being was too focus on its own survival for paying attention to other people. 

We find a road that went down. I just wanted to arrive, to finish the adventure, to assume that I had survived, but you pushed me a bit more. You had been polishing a walking stick and you asked me to take a shortcut crossing down the mountain because it was shorter. Few meters down, you offered me the stick, which kept me walking. That stick was really meaningful for me. I was becoming Moses; I was a prophet. Later on, you justified yourself telling me that no one forced me to do anything of what I did, and you might be right, but let the anonymous reader decide where the individual free will starts and ends. The way you were offering me the shortcut didn’t seem as an option, but as a duty, as another test to prove myself. 

We arrived at the house, and I was just thinking about entering a safe area, get some drink, some water, some food, and some rest. I offered you to try to meet the owners, to talk with other human beings. You accepted to cross the fence. I performed a somersault when we entered the grass and you said: “You enjoyed too much” and crossed back to the spines. It felt horrible to be punished for enjoying myself, but I assumed my lack of self-control and came back to the pain and the suffering. I was too tired to complain, or to express any type of anger or confrontation with you. I had already learned to surrender, to remain silent, and to suffer inwards.

We arrived at the road and you found the blackberries. I could only lie down. You offered me some fruits and I eat them. After few seconds, I realized that it would be selfish to stay there lying down while you collected the fruits and I tried to help you. You sent me to the other side of the plant. I would have eaten them all, but surrender, silence, empathy, trust and self-control were, by that time, accumulated lessons. We kept on walking and at some point, you checked the smartphone. In any moment of the past I would have said that it was a big disrespectful behavior, but patience and ignorance were my personal reminders for keeping myself silent. You mentioned that the facilitators were looking for us, worrying for us, and with the idea of calling the police. I couldn’t believe any of what I was experiencing. I just wanted to arrive and rest, no drama, no anything. I asked you to speak for both, and I wished I was able to remain silent, trusting in your words, surrendering myself completely to you and the situation. I didn’t know what was going to happen, if they were going to expel us both or just me. I didn’t care much. I was hypoglycemic, struggling to keep myself walking. The berries gave me some energy, but not enough to care too deeply about anything. You had shared with me your fears of attachment and closeness on the mountain, and then on the road you shared how you have got to know the feedback of your audition. I was just listening. I was just giving you what you had asked me to give you: space, silence, trust, attention, surrender. I was just there for you. It felt really surprising to get to know later that you felt empty after our walk, when I had given you all the things you had asked me for. 

I am not sure whether you were playing with me all the time, or you were being genuine. It could be complementary to know your version of the story. We found the police, and we almost got into their car. I didn’t know if I should talk or not. Remaining silent was uncomfortable and talking would bring guilt. I was trapped in a paradox where both action and non-action were detrimental for my existence. We arrived and luckily, people didn’t want to talk with us. 

I went to the shower. Warm water. I cleaned myself and my clothes, dressed up and found K. and In. (Portugal) to explain me how it has been the day in the prison. I couldn’t barely move. There was no food without meat, and I eat K.’s peaches and fruits. You came to the room speaking about religion and God. The whole walk on the mountain had been a painful spiritual experience of growth and self-improvement. Religion and god are for kids, are simplifications of something much deeper, much more human, much more real, than a mystical force somewhere ruling the universe. Sometimes it feels nice to think that everything has sense and meaning that everything is already planned and that we are all part of a perfectly structured game. Actually, that was the feeling that kept on repeating during the exchange. Even Souna had asked me directly that day: “Do you think that everything happens for a reason?” like if she was going ad lib, departing from the script, like if it was a direct call to my being, to what I was experiencing, and to the fact that everything was already plotted. We had also talked about synchronicities, and you kept on squeezing my mind asking for meanings and definitions that I didn’t know, and I couldn’t came up with. 

“Do you believe in God?” you asked me. “I believe on you” I said. I assumed that for your smile and renewed energy you had just came from talking with O.. Even, the conversation topic was too religious for having experienced a divine epiphany. There had been a preacher between you and your new beliefs. I have had lots of talks with many religious people from many traditions. Muslims are quite interesting, since they are the monotheistic religion that is surviving and thrilling in times of the advancement of technology and science. Actually, their idea of god is really interesting, and the fact that they don’t humanize it, makes it more powerful and resilient compared with the Christian god that gets angry at humans and sends his son to be killed by us. Muslims concept of god is simpler and more powerful, more encompassing, and the rigorous practices that believers have to practice make them committed and convincing preachers. I am spiritual and poly religious. I believe on human beings, on humankind and on the infinite ignorance that we all have inside us. I am open to new views, but they should be views moving me towards growth, not towards comfort. Religion is easy, spirituality is challenging. I didn’t have any energy to argue at that point. I was just merely surviving in K.’s bed. It reminded me to my Vipassana experience, when, after my first committed meditation, I collapsed on the floor of my bed, just raising one arm, to prove myself that I wasn’t fully dead. Even further, you room had the element of Mar. entering from time to time to complain about my existence. I didn’t know what to do or what to say to her. Helping and caring didn’t seem to matter for her. She wanted something and it was the way it had to be done. No further discussion or argumentation.

I went to the lunchroom. I tried to write, I tried to focus on something, I tried to sleep, I tried to try. My brain and body weren’t working. At some point, I quitted life. I went to my room and fell sleep. 
