# DAY 9 – 2019-08-03 – Getting ready to say goodbye 

I woke up and show an ant downside up. I empathized with its suffering and with a gentle blow I put it back to its normal position. First good thing of the day done. It was the last day. 

The moment had arrived. I had survived, but I was still on time for leaving. People kept on asking me why I hadn’t leave, and I came up with the joke of “I am living” as a misunderstanding and to avoid the Fake News terminology all around our heads. Even Mari Trini interpellated me contemptuously saying that if I wasn’t leaving. 

People were doing the youth pass and for me that was the greatest lie to myself that I could came up with. How to put in their words my lessons, how to reduce myself to their sentences, to their wishes. I accepted to do it by filling the shortest sentence in each category. Problem solved. Obviously, I wasn’t going to take seriously anything of what was left.

I spend the morning climbing around, observing people, playing with them and with my body. During the evaluation, I had a really clear thing on mind. I wouldn’t give them the information that had been rejected before. I had mastered silence, and if anyone wanted more information, they could come to me. Obviously, I had grown, I had connected, I had learned, and I had done all those things written in the papers scattered on the floor. But it didn’t matter. It mattered my inner transformation. My surrender, my silence, my compassion, my empathy, my selflessness, my detachment from life. All those things that none of the organizers were responsible for. I had repeated that “None of that would have been possible without you (all”). But it was too much to give them the credit of my change. The credit was mine, for learning, for being always open to the teaching. Obviously, without you, Alisse, it wouldn’t have been possible at all, but this you know it already. 

Andrei, Marija and many others expressed their complaints. Some remained silent, like Marion, who was the perfect negativist. When the evaluation was over, I approached Marija and shared the experience of my first project in France. She reconsidered hers. I told her that learning depends on us, and we are responsible of our existence in this planet. We are what we get. We get what we give. 

Lunch time and I proved my super climbing skills by bringing the fajita through the window. We all eat together, and you were more affectionate than normal. You almost even texted me for a hug. People were cleaning, or sort of, and we were just avoiding any type of collaboration and responsibility. Fair enough. 

Some people left to the castle and you and I chose each other. We kiss, we let passion grow, and we start having sex on Karolina’s bed. Since it was unprotected sex on your room, we agreed that it was smarter to go somewhere else. I showered all the dirt from the day and the climbing, while you were thinking about, I don’t know what. You kept on telling me from time to time to annoy you. You wanted an excuse to hate me, but I wasn’t giving you any, even when I was trying.

We went to the room, have a bit of sex, and then talk about who we were and where we were going. The two models of reality were confronted: my supposedly superficial positive attitude towards life and its challenges; and your deeply and thoughtful approach with constant negative and torturing connotations. You told me about some episodes of your past, some of your self-injuries, the psychopath that you wished to killed you and I reminded you about my intentions of getting a life reminder about the suffering of human beings that want to end their existence at some point of their lives. 

People came back. I tried to speak with Mari Trini for a last time, just to be at peace completely, to close the circle. Mari Trini was the original cause for me to had been there. She had invited me, and because of her, all those things had happened. I tried but she behaved like a kid. She talked ironically, condescending, avoiding my questions, avoiding seriousness, teasing me… I didn’t know what to do. I was trying to behave like a serious adult, and I found that surrealist conversation that was leading us nowhere. I accepted that there was no fruitful outcome for our conversation, and I thank her for all she had done. Mari Trini, like you, thought that I was a manipulator. Sad for you and for me to know that whenever I consciously try to manipulate things it merely doesn’t work. She said that I had gone there to find people for my sect, that that was what I wanted, the reason why I was there. I shared my experience and what I had learned and changed. I told her that I enjoyed giving voice to people, developing independent and functional individuals, observing their improvement and growth, helping and facilitating their own masteries. She didn’t believe a word of what I say. For her, and I fear that for some others, I had gone there to take control and power over everything, to manipulate everyone, to put some people against others, and to destroy and boycott the whole exchange. Well, those were her beliefs. I pity her, practice my compassion and let her go.

I came back to the hostel and talked with the participants, offering them activities to give feedback to each other, like the game of guessing adjectives we had played before. I explained my encounter with Mari Trini and Miriam to some that were still willing to listen and told them what I had been called. Those that knew me a bit better laugh at it and supported me. For a second, I even questioned myself whether I was there to make my sect or not… Receiving their blind support and trust was a bit weird, but I had to get familiar with it.

I talked with Ana Bella during the dinner. I tried to listen to her feedback. She told me that she liked a lot the Carlos of the beginning and that she didn’t understand my transformation. Well, for me was extremely obvious, and I don’t think she liked that much that Carlos that had written on a piece of paper “I want Anabella to take notes during our meetings”. Anyway, I took the feedback with a healthy dose of skepticism. For me, she was still taking things too personal, still struggling with her insomnia, still missing the main point of the situation. I remember Miriam comment about how I had changed so much in so little time that she wasn’t able to recognize me. I took that as a real and solid compliment. I felt compassionate for her and joined the secret friend revelation.

I teased you once more on the chair by giving you my back. “It would be very embarrassing if I don’t recognize this body.” Maybe we could have touched each other more often. Maybe people could have been more tolerant with public signs of affection. Anyway, I had fun. The youth pass awards were another mocking performance for me.

My mind was already on the next day, on Strasbourg, on my freedom, on spending the day together, far from all that theater that I hadn’t fully understood, all that charade that I had taken so much from. I enjoyed some sangria; I was there for some pictures. I found you on the park. I took my position on the hall and kept on enjoying the show. I didn’t know what was going to happen between you and me, but I was okay with it. The anxiety of the past was completely gone. I obviously wanted to sleep with you, but who knew what the future had prepared. I made fun of Csilla and her drunkenness and laugh a bit at myself feeling like the king of the place. I disappeared for a while. You disappeared for a while. And at some point, you said you were going to sleep. I caught you on the corridor and I convinced you to sleep together. No sex, you said. I didn’t care. We went to the room. We hug. You asked for distance. We kissed. You asked for distance. I was also tired. We fell asleep. 
