# DAY 10 – 2019-08-04 – We got the love

The moment of saying goodbye. You were kinda horny in the morning, and I am always up to have some sex. You kept on saying that you wanted to be annoyed with me. You kept on playing with my distance. You kept on complaining about me while rubbing my dick. I just let you do. I had surrender and accepted life completely. 

We stayed on bed as long as possible, saying goodbye thought the window. You asked me if we were a good couple. I told you that we could become one after a month or two of adapting to each other. Interruptions of K., Mar., E., O. People coming and passing. People leaving in their cars, and you and me completely unknown of the time we were supposed to leave. Enjoying our last moments together on the bed. You were probably thinking, I was surely feeling. I enjoyed giving and receiving affection. I tried to play but you didn’t like it. Who knows, maybe you were liking it too much. 

After a lot of snoozes, the moment arrived. You left and I got ready in less than five minutes. I collected all the fruits I could before leaving, and we jumped to the same car. In other projects I was really excited and emotional the last day, the day of the departure. In that one, I was at peace, knowing that I had transformed, that I had grown, that I was extraordinary. That I had made friends, that I had got to know you, that my life was different, and my love relationships had changed forever. I had already said goodbye two days ago, so I didn’t feel any regret or rush for not saying goodbye to anyone that morning. I talked with the girl driving the car to let you space for thinking and feeling whatever was going on in your head. I tried not to flirt much with her, at least consciously. There was no point on that. 

We arrived at the train station and bought the tickets. I helped Ir. and Ra. I wanted to spend the day with you in Strasbourg. That was my plan. Irene gave me feedback and told me that things could have been different. I told her that things had been simply as they were supposed to be. I felt tons of compassion for Mar. that was crying. I felt lots of love for all of you that were there with me. 

We arrived at Strasbourg, said goodbye to Ir. and E., and walked to the center. I was coming back to reality very slowly and gently. I was practicing all the things I have learnt: my surrender, silence, compassion, enjoyment of what life was giving me. I had that feeling of being the male of the tribe walking around a jungle with my three women.

You asked for mojito and since I had the money, I was feeling altruist, and it would increase the enjoyment of the whole group, I agreed to buy mojito. Later on, we kept on walking and looking for a park to chill. We stopped by at a McDonalds where we almost left Mar. for her endless negativity. The walk was long, and the sun was high. Mar. wasn’t helping and K., you and I weren’t walking without much talking. We teased a bit more Mar., and eventually we arrived at the park. We bought some ice-cream, blueberry and blackberry, great flavor choices by the way. We found a grass, we lied down, we took some pictures, we rest for some time. We talked a bit, and we gave affection to each other. For me it was the perfect thing to do. Share some food, share some time, share some love. I was still amazed of Mar. and her insecurities at asking us for food. I was pitying her inside so deeply. We had some intimate moments, and I reminded you about my reminder. You started building that toroid of hair to put in my necklace. You had told me the day before that you were not a piece of collection and I answered that you already were. Unfinished loves is a book that will never be finished. Humanity should assume this as early as possible.

I still look at your hair with proud and amusement. It is so significative for me. To have a part of your being hanging so close to my heart. You, that have cured my insecurities; you, that have gone to the depths of my mind, that have played with my archetypes, that have taught me surrender, compassion, silence, distance, trust... You, that have shown me that feeling secure depends on me. Some of your bites and scratches are already disappearing. My body is healing. The scars are fading out. However, I have your hair there, waiting for me. The fact that you included pubic hair make the present even more meaningful and enjoyable for me. 

As a minimalist, I didn’t have anything spare and meaningful to give you. The only thing that I could think about was the two post-it stuck together. I had taken them as a personal reminder of my attempt of democracy, as a personal lesson of having find my voice in the silence. The colors have mixed and merged, and it looked pretty bad and worn out. The more meaningful, since justice and fairness is a long battle that can worn out the best of the warriors. Besides, nothing is white or black, or red or pink in this case. The mix was the representation of the incredible complexities of life. I gave it to you. You disdain it. Then, burn it in front of me. Well, I tried not to over-react. I swallowed my metaphors giving you the possibility of doing whatever you wanted with my present. I surrendered once more to the experience. We all watched it burn. You took the ashes and put them on my forehead and on my cheekbones. Similarly, as you had done in the mountain with the dust, and then in the road with the blackberries. A Shiva warrior, with my third eye opened, ready to destruct the world once again to make it reborn. 

You were horny, you wanted to have sex, and I was always up for some fun on the bushes. It was a bad location. K. and Mar. gave us an hour of intimacy that we spend looking at animals on cages, cleaning up ourselves on the toilets of the bowling bar, and making jokes about teenagers. You shared a bit more of your past, your relationship with your father, and your origins as a suffering teenager. I kept on proposing spots of consuming our love once more. K. and Mar. were waiting for us. We met. We went towards the couchsurfer house. I fixed your backpack. It was funny to transform you into a modern lady, you, that I had seen you photographing dead insects, and chewing sticks from the ground. You that were for me as much of an animal as I consider myself. 

We both surrender to the path. We both walked quite silently, being led by K.. We arrived nowhere and there we also find each other. We kissed, we record our love and affection. There was no couchsurfer, no keys, no house. I didn’t look for the keys. I was tired, and I didn’t care much about what was going on or what was going to happened. 

I supported Karoline who was probably the most stressed one at the moment. We went to the McDonalds before heading to the center. I started losing my patience with Mar. when she said that she was hungry. I mean, there are moments and moment. It wasn’t me the one that was homeless at 10pm in an unknown city. It wasn’t me the one that couldn’t stand a night outside. It wasn’t me the one whose gender is considered as weak and vulnerable. And still, her sight was so short that she couldn’t see beyond her stomach. K. talked with Elias, we headed to the center, where there were the people, as in the Stephen King’s novel: The running man.

We took the tram. Love each other a bit more there. Eventually, arriving to the lights show of the cathedral. We ate some food before it started, and then hug each other. I felt so good, so deeply rewarded, so complete, so fulfilled. I was travelling next to a wonderful soul, an incredibly beautiful Russian-Estonian girl that was intelligent, funny, artistic, sensitive, emotionally mature, resourceful, spontaneous, atypical and unconventional, extraordinary… I was enjoyed a performance next to someone I could share my life with. It felt like achieving a life goal. It didn’t matter whether it was going to last for 15 minutes or 15 years. It was real, it was happening, and no one could take me the feeling away. I kissed you, I hugged you, I loved you, I enjoyed the showed, but infinitely more, I enjoyed the moment with you. 

The show finished. I shared my thoughts and feelings with you. We lied together on the net. We shared our breaths, nose to nose, and mouth to mouth. We saw our souls on each other eyes. You told me that you felt safe with me. I told you that that was probably the biggest compliment you could ever give me. The compliment about ruling the world together had felt amazing, but that one meant a transformation on your being. There was no more distance, no more attempts of getting annoyed. You had accepted that I was there for you, that I was there to protect you, that I had surrendered to you. That I was independent to let you go at any moment, and at the same time I could spend my life with yours. I felt our love maturing at the speed of light. 

Mar. appeared. But the rules had changed. I wasn’t any more on the hostel, or on your room. I was on the street, I was fee, and I was planning to give you tons of public affection there and wherever we were. Somehow Mar. disappeared as well. I hugged you while the next show was going on. I just wanted to rest next to you, that was all I wanted, all I had looked for since our walk up the mountain. Finally, I could have it. That was my prize, my reward. I had fought so much, suffered so much, enduring so much pain, so much rejection, so much lack of trust, so many games, so many plays… I had been called manipulator, that I wanted to confront people and to put some against others. I had received tons of shit just for trying to improve everyone’s lives. Somehow you had always been there next to me, making my existence easy sometimes, and hard and challenging other times, but always caring directly or indirectly for me. There on the net, I had your love, support, trust for another last time. I surrender to you, I gave you my being, and you hold it and cared for it.

I woke up. I kissed you. I hugged you. I shared my feelings with you. You shared yours with me. We fell in love to each other in a healthy way, knowing that we were going to separate in less than an hour. I told you that your love was excellent and that the quality of what you were doing for the world was fantastic. The clock ticked and we had to move fast. I carried your bag, and we arrived on time to the bus stop just for sharing our last feelings. 

I kissed you. You kissed me. We kissed each other. I loved you. You loved me. We loved each other. It was the end of the journey, the end of the adventure, the end of the trip, the end of the story, and it was a fucking happy ending. I was so happy. I was so exhilaratingly happy for having meeting you. I had already confessed that for someone like you the horny asshole that I was could turn into a monogamic male. You had shown me that you had all I was looking for in a partner and probably many things more that I hadn’t discovered yet. You had made me grow so much, and we had share so much our intimacy, that fucking yes, I loved you. You had broken my wheel of reincarnation. I envisioned us creating together, travelling together, growing together, living together, evolving together. I envisioned us ruling the world together. We were separating for an unknown period of time and still there wasn’t the minimum glimpse of sadness or negative emotion. I had surrender to life, I would let life developed and see if I could find a moment to facilitate our future encounter. I kept on smiling, on holding your hair as I had done in the mountain, on admiring the beauty of your eyes and your smile. On knowing that I was letting your leave with the highest joy and peace on my heart. I thank the universe a dozen of times for having meeting you, for having brought our lives together, for letting me know that you existed. I kissed you, hugged you. You kissed me, hugged me. It felt so intense. We hugged each other with tons of intensity, as I hadn’t done since years. But only with joy and hope from my side. No pain, no suffering. That was love. That was unattached loved. That was mature and healthy love. I loved you so much, I felt myself growing and expanding with each breath. I kept on giving you my whole self, my whole being. I enjoyed the goodbye as I had never done. I walked towards the bus looking at you. Before getting up our gazes crossed for a last time. 

I entered the bus, looked for a place to sleep. Found it, lie down thanking the size of my body, and collapse almost completely until arriving to Brussels. The trip was over. 
